Update LIVESTREAMING.md with design decisinos (#5266)
microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat: docs/LIVESTREAMING.md

> Also known as: streaming response.

Livestreaming means progressively sending an activity. It is usually progressively concatenating until the full response is made.

Livestreaming is one-off and should not be replayed.

### A livestream

> Also known as: livestreaming session.

A single bot, at its turn, can livestream multiple activities simultaneously each with their own content. Each livestream will be isolated by their own session ID.

The session ID is same as the activity ID of the first activity in the livestream.

### Interim activities

> Also known as: chunk.

Interim activities are the activities of the partial response from the bot. Its content often become part of the final/complete response.

### Informative message

> Also known as: latency loader.

Informative message is a side-channel message that will be shown to the user and is intended to describes how the bot is preparing the livestream. A typical example of an informative message is "Searching your document library..."

For better UX, the informative message should be a prepared message with very low latency. It should not be generated via LLMs.

> ### Ephermal message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Ephemeral message
```

> Also known as: temporary message.

> Ephermal message means the content should only available for a limited time and should not consider as final. Interim activities are naturally ephermal message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ephemeral message means the content should only available for a limited time and should not consider as final. Interim activities are naturally ephemeral message.
```

### Bot vs. copilot

> This is _not_ an official statement from Microsoft.

In Web Chat, bot is the general terms for chatbot. Copilot is a bot with generative AI and modern features. In other words, copilot is a modern bot.

> To simplify this documentation, we are using the term "bot" instead of "copilot". But they can be used interchangeable in this documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To simplify this documentation, we are using the term "bot" instead of "copilot". But they can be used interchangeably in this documentation.
```

Known channels which does not support livestreaming:

-  Direct Line (REST): ignores typing activity
-  Direct Line ASE: does not return activity ID
-  Direct Line Speech: does not return activity ID
-  Email: ignores typing activity
-  SMS: ignores typing activity

### Client support

Web Chat introduced livestreaming support since version [4.17.0](../CHANGELOG.md#4170---2024-05-06). More livestreaming features are being added to Web Chat. Please read our [`CHANGELOG.md`](../CHANGELOG.md) for complete version history.

## Design decisions

### Out-of-order messages

Background:

-  Assumption: interim activities can be sent as frequently as every 10 ms (100 Hz)
-  ABS is a distributed system and may receive bot activity in an out-of-order fashion
   -  Every interim activities could send to a different HTTP endpoints
   -  In a distributed environment, the time receiving the HTTP request could differs

Solutions:

> -  `channelData.streamSequence` will be used to identify obsoleted activities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  `channelData.streamSequence` will be used to identify obsoleted (outdated) activities
```

-  Side benefits: bot do not need a major update to use the livestreaming feature

### Guaranteed start of session

Background:

-  Some services requires a very clear signal to start a livestream
-  Out-of-order delivery could affect this start of session signal

Solutions:

-  Bot would need to wait until the service replies with an activity ID
   -  The response from the service is a clear signal that the service has created a livestream
-  Side benefits: the activity ID is an opaque string and can be used as the session ID

### Storing of interim activities

Background:

-  Some services may need to store every interim activities being sent
   -  Service implementation which concatenate interim activities in an out-of-order fashion could be very complex

Solutions:

-  Interim activities will send overlapping content
   -  Services would not need to concatenate content itself

### No replay

Background:

-  Restoring chat history should not replay the livestreaming
   -  The final activity should be displayed instantly, interim activities should be skipped

Solutions:

-  Typing activity for all activities during a livestream

>    -  Direct Line channel save chat history without typing activities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  Direct Line channel saves chat history without typing activities
```

### Text format change

Background:

-  Text format could change during interim activities
   -  This could cause layout to change rapidly and degrade UX

Solutions:

-  Text format is assumed to be Markdown during the livestream

### Adding attachments during livestream

Background:

-  Some clients may have difficulties handling attachments during livestream

Solutions:

> -  Currently, no consensus is made at the time of this writing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  As of this writing, no consensus has been reached on this issue
```
